https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/4237106/windows-installer-folder

Windows Installer Folder

Anonymous
Jul 29, 2021, 12:19 PM
Hi

In my c drive I've found that windows \ Installer is occupying the lot the storage. nearly it occupied 35 GB of Storage. how to clear that folder, please guide me

Windows for home | Windows 10 | Files, folders, and storage

Locked Question. This question was migrated from the Microsoft Support Community. You can vote on whether it's helpful, but you can't add comments or replies or follow the question.

I have the same question 
9
{count} votes
3 answers

Anonymous
Jul 29, 2021, 12:58 PM
Hi,

You can run advanced clean up by following the steps below

press the windows key and search for Disk cleanup
Right click and select open as Administrator
Confirm C drive as clean up drive
In option for 'Files to delete", select all the check box
Click ok to start cleanup process
Please sign in to rate this answer.

13 people found this answer helpful.

Anonymous
Jul 29, 2021, 12:52 PM
It is not safe to delete the Installer folder (which is why this and other 'protected' system files are hidden by default).

It would be difficult for others to determine which files in that folder can be deleted safely,

but 35GB is much larger than it should be. 35GB is the total size of my Windows folder atm.

I believe it is generally around 12GB (mine is 12.7GB).

Have you run Windows Disk Cleanup (Start menu > Windows admin tools) using the Cleanup System Files option ?

This may help reduce the folder size.

The reasons it is not safe to delete are explained in the article below.... https://superuser.com/questions/1392087/is-it-safe-to-delete-c-windows-installer-on-windows-10
Please sign in to rate this answer.

6 people found this answer helpful.

Anonymous
Jul 29, 2021, 12:53 PM
Good Day Vvsatishvarma,

My name is Carlo, I'm an Independent Advisor and community member like you.

I am also using Windows 10 pc. Let us work together to sort this out.

You can use the tool called Treesize to check what are the apps or files taking most of your storage space.

Here's the link to download.

https://www.jam-software.com/treesize_free

Once downloaded and installed, open the app and identify what are the apps or files taking most of your storage space.

Check the things you don't need, right click on it and hit "Delete" to free up space.

Once done restart your computer and check.

I hope the information above helps. Please let me know how it goes.

Have a wonderful day ahead and stay safe.

Sincerely,

Carlo T.

Standard Disclaimer: This is a non-Microsoft website. The page appears to be providing accurate, safe information. Watch out for ads on the site that may advertise products frequently classified as a PUP (Potentially Unwanted Products). Thoroughly research any product advertised on the site before you decide to download and install it.

Please sign in to rate this answer.

1 person found this answer helpful.
